Hey, what's going on? It's Bill burn. It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday, Monday morning podcast and
just checking in on you. I'm just checking in on you. Oh, needy.
Where you going? Going to go work out. There you go. Get on the elliptical.
Yeah, do it. All right. That was part of our prenuptial agreement.
Keep it looking good. It's exactly what it is.
You would never dare try to get a prenuptial agreement with me.
What are you talking about there? I'm throwing it out there right now.
I'm going to get up post married. No prenuptial postnuptial agreement.
No, I'm going to get all to mine. All mine.
You know I don't even give a shit. You want all this stuff? I don't care.
It's a fucking headache. As long as they got enough for sandwich. I'm good.
I want every color of eyes thought shirt.
Yeah, seriously though.
Okay.
I will. I will leave you.
There's a certain level that if you out, if you dropped below,
I'm walking is bald. Pasty.
Redheaded male pushing 50 yeah. Good luck. Okay.
Don't look at me like I don't have options. Woman.
I've been out to the strip malls. I've seen the looks. Okay.
You put me in a strip mall, Nia,
that has a dentist and a place where they do your taxes. Okay.
Okay.
Fucking hedges whipping around. Yeah.
Ah, she could at least pretend that I'm still kind of good looking. Right.
All right. Anyways, what's up everybody? How are you? How's your week going?
Is it going well? It's almost over.
At least the bad part of it is, Huh? How about a moment of silence?
How about a fucking moment of silence for everybody who's sitting in a fucking
place? They don't want to be right now,
Huh?
There was your moment and you know what? That's all you deserve.
Why are you still there? Stand up.
Push that plastic wheelchair away from that fucking I know you well then what
are you doing right? Don't do that. You need a plan.
Come up with a fucking plan and my stomach is can be grounding like crazy.
I just, I just got off of a, got off of the plane, had a 7:00 AM flight,
um, came back from New York.
I went to the a and just an amazing a memorial service for Charlie Murphy
yesterday. And, uh, I gotta tell you this, um, cause you know,
it's a private ceremony, so I'm not gonna give any details,
but I will tell you this, you know, Comedians, we,
a lot of us may die young, but I will tell you this, we have great funerals.
It was fucking unbelievable. It was unbelievable. They,
a New York legend was sent off by legends. It was, um,
it was incredible. It was really incredible. So, um,
yeah, I'm still sad though, obviously still sad,
but he would have been very happy. I'm like Mona speak from anything but like a,
I hope I get sent off that well of man. It was a, yeah,
there was definitely something else. So that's great. Built,
bring up something that you're not gonna really give any details of. Wow.
You know, whatever. I just, I just, so anyways,
so everybody hung out afterwards til like two 30 in the morning and I had like
a, you know, 7:00 AM flight and um,
the only way that there's two ways to handle a 7:00 AM flight,
which is going to involve like a fucking 4:30 AM pickup.
All right?
There's only two ways to do it. You either go to bed, you know,
you drink some hot cocoa at 7:00 PM and you figure out how you're going to get
your fucking eight hours, whatever you do. What do people do with your pills?
Is that what you do? You sit fucking Indian style in the foot of your bed going,
oh,
[inaudible] [inaudible]
whatever it is, whatever that meditation shit is. All right.
Which I have not done and I'll tell you the ramifications of that here in a
minute. Um,
do they do that or you just stay out drinking with your friends to like two 30
in the morning and then you come home, you get about an hour and a half,
two hours sleep, you stagger to the fucking airport, whatever, out to the cab.
You go in there and you just, the biggest thing is not to not offer it the gate.
You gotta stay awake but the lights are on in that type of shit.
And then once you get to your seat, that's it. Then you're out. You're out.
Let's see what's fucking, and that's a great way to do it.
Cause then you don't have to sit there bored out of your mind on the flight.
You know,
by the way,
thanks to the person that sent me that fucking creepy video of that plane crash
in which for some dumb reason I'm sitting there watching it.
But the tail section coming off this plane and these pilots trying to figure out
a fucking way to try to land it, which of course she can at that point. Um,
I wasn't surprised that they didn't invert. That's always a fun thing.
Half Asleep to be watching cause you know, you have a sleep going like wait,
am I on this flight or is this a, is this a, should I be feeling that failing?
You know, they sent me this video and I'm not getting on this plane. Well,
you know what,
I got on that God damn play and I went right to sleep and a woke up like,
you know, five hours later, five hours later on a six hour flight. It's perfect.
You know
they come over sir. Would you like anything? Would you catch it?
[inaudible] I go, yeah. What do you got? Well we got a mushroom.
We got a Portobello mushroom sandwich. Yeah, that sounds gross.
What else she got? I don't even know what the other thing was.
I thought when she said the mushroom thing with the other thing,
I thought it was all the same thing. I go,
is that all one thing or is that two things? She goes, that's two things.
And I went, all right, I, I don't want anything.
I've got a new thing. I don't eat on planes. I'm not fucking doing it.
I'm not fucking doing it. It's just, it's, it's fucking shit food empty.
And do you, do you have like, I'm fucking five miles up from the surface of the,
of the, of, of the earth. You know,
the only thing you should be eating up there is shit that you shouldn't be like,
like Pringles potato chips and stuff. Why would you eat those?
Then you just sit there and get just becoming a fat fuck. So, uh,
I sort of been doing this thing this year is I'm trying to fucking drop some
weight here. You know, even though my dad, I'm not going to have the fun,
I'm not having the fucking dead body not having that thing. You know,
thing when you go to lift up your arms,
your shirt comes up and this just that fucking pork shoulder spilling out on the
side and ain't happening to me. Um, Oh,
speaking of which, so, uh, you know, I packed hastily cause I,
I when I went to Boston first and then in New York and uh,
so I grabbed a suit and everything in my shoes. So I have them, uh,
for the memorial service and I forgot to bring dark socks. All right.
And also I was working out and doing the elliptical and all that type of stuff.
So I thought I brought enough boxers and I didn't. So I was like, fuck.
So I landed in New York,
I get to the hotel and it's, you know, we're like in midtown and shit.
We meaning me and all my fucking personalities. And uh,
so I called me up. I tell her where I'm at. I was like, fuck, you know,
the cars coming and get me to take me over to the service, you know,
I need some, uh, underwear. Where should I go? There's, this is New York.
There's no fucking gaps anywhere. They're all like downtown or way up town.
I'm right in the middle. I don't have time.
And she asked me where I was at and she goes, oh, I know that. And I was like,
gives like a gay neighborhood. She goes, go around the corner, there's up,
there's, I'm one of those fucking stores. So I go across the store,
right street, right. And there's like, you know,
the second you see the mannequins, you know what I mean? You know that it's,
yeah, this is like a, it's a gay store. It's for gay men.
So I don't give a fuck. I need underwear, right? Gay Men still wear underwear.
So I walk in there and it was just like Jesus Christ.
There was like cock rings on the fucking wall, which by the way,
I thought that was the same is like, like when people get their Dick Pierce,
which I still don't know where they do that. It's like a naval ring,
but it's on your Dick. So I thought a cock ring, you know, I,
I thought that that was the same thing, but it wasn't,
it was like a a look like something you'd use in plumbing, like a gasket.
Evidently you put that around your Dick for some reason. Then what?
You Swivel your hips and it's like a,
it's like a Hula hoop for your dick evidently. Right. So I,
I fucking go in the back and the underwear, it's like ridiculous.
It was like all these Fred Flintstone prints, you know what I mean?
There was like assless shit.
And then I finally find a pair that was just all black.
And on the waistband it said nasty pig. So
finally just yellow to the dude. By the counter go, hey,
you got any like normal like mainstream underwear here?
And he's define normal, our main street. And I was like, well,
I don't know. It doesn't say nasty pig on the, on the waistband.
It has material around the ass. And when it does,
it doesn't say Fuck my hole on the back, you know, regular,
just underwear. It's like, hang on,
the fucking comes over there.
And he ended up finding some that we just were all black, you know,
Greg Louganis style. But uh, they, uh,
the only size they had was small,
which was fucking hilarious to me cause I was just like, yeah,
why would you have a medium? This is like gay guys.
They want to see their boyfriends junk spilling out the side. Oh,
you're nasty pig.
So I add the leave there and the closest place was fucking TJ Maxx.
Oh my God. The fucking animals,
eh, half of it was the way they had this store,
like the way they had the store set up. It's just like,
it was so fucked up. It's like who was, that guy was in Manhattan,
the crown jewel of fucking cities in the United States.
Right. And the second I walked into fucking TJ Max,
I mean I might as well at a fucking Walmart in the middle of nowhere.
And I am talking down to middle America and their Walmarts.
I am talking down to it, although I'm not actually,
you know those Walmart's aren't that bad other than on black Friday.
Black Friday is the day you don't want to fucking go down there cause that's
like white people, bloods and crips, you know,
that's our version of it.
It's flannels and fucking in flip flops.
That's,
that's our bloods and crips and you don't still want to be there on that day.
You know when they have one Atari for $3 way in the back of the store and
everybody's just basically going to trample people like they go into the fucking
who concert Cincinnati way back in the day there. I mean other than that,
you know, it's not, it's not that bad a store,
you know,
it's got all kinds of food, giant selections.
I've gone in there a bunch of times. I don't know why I brought that up.
I just don't know what the fuck I'm talking about this point. Oh, TJ Max,
you get the Max Boulder man number with TJ Max.
Um, so I go in there and it's, you know,
typical Manhattan fucking store where it's like half the stores downstairs and
the other is on the ground floor and the others is like upstairs, you know,
cause they slammed this little fucking store in there
and um,
finally find some underwears and uh, I'm like, fuck,
I gotta stand in this God damn like Disneyland level line. And like, all right,
they got 12 fucking registers open. So even though there's like 24 people,
you know,
roughly each one of these cashiers just knocks out two people and then it's my
turn. All right, this shouldn't be this bad.
And it was this woman in front of me. I don't know what kind of soap she used,
but like I would divorce her, I swear to God, even if she made my heart stop,
I'd be like, I love you. I wish nothing for you. But this fucking soap,
it's a specific soap. I've smelled it before. It wasn't, she didn't smell bad.
She smelled of this soap. I don't know what the fuck it is, but it just,
I can't be around it,
but I had to be or else someone's going to cut me and then they just walked you
through, you know the Disneyland thing where you walk all the way to the right.
Then you go back to the left, you know, zigzag and all the way up. It just the,
this shit that they had, you know,
the impulse buys in everybody. If they weren't staring at their fucking phones.
We're just picking up these things and the more I saw people picking up this
shit, looking at it like the angry or I was getting like,
why are you picking that up? You don't need that.
Let me find you the names of these fucking things. Okay.
They had this one thing that said I would thank you from the bottom of my heart,
but for you, my heart has no bottom.
And it was just framed in this piece of shit,
wood frame and on a white piece of paper with just regular font.
Like please don't walk away with the bathroom key, like the same kind of font.
You would use it that at the gas station they wrote that fucking cheesy
heartfelt message. And what the fuck was the next one?
Oh, it was just some sort of like,
okay,
coconut, Allman, yummy clusters or something was called that. I know.
Okay.
That's how I was guilty. This is like, this is the demographic come in, let's,
let's become Fed Fox and talk about how we love each other.
I don't want to talk about,
so I'll get the underwear and I fucking get back to the hotel room.
And I realize in my looking down at everybody and TJ Max,
I forgot to get socks so I had to go back to the gay store, you know?
Yeah.
And, um, you know,
I come walking into the store and the same dudes behind the counter and I was
just like, dude, you got a, you sell socks here, you know,
cause all they had was white socks.
I was gonna sit down at church and they were gonna come up and they were like
ankles, like Nike socks. I was gonna wear with like fucking wink tips.
I wasn't gonna do that. So they actually had regular socks.
So that's what I learned at the gay store. They just had regular Nike socks,
but for some reason the tag on him took a picture of it.
I gotta send this, I'm going to want, you know what,
I'm going to tweet this out or whatever.
The tag on the socks just said bitch police. There's just some,
I guess woman or maybe a guy in drag with his face all twisted up.
Um, I got on bitch please. Socks by Nike, you know, and they feel normal.
These are made for gay feet, but for some reason they seem to fit mine just,
just fine. I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. Um,
I mentioned earlier that I hadn't been meditating and it came to a, a head,
so to speak. And uh, remember when I was bitching,
updating my fucking phone and then trying to update my laptop and there's no one
to call and I'm typing in the right passwords and the two are not in sync and I
don't know how to do it.
I finally had a meltdown and my laptop was closed and I took my phone and I just
fucking slammed it down like corner first onto my laptop,
you know, somewhere between a jab and an overhand. Right.
But it was a stabbing motion and uh,
I don't know what.
Then I fucking opened my laptop and the screen was broken.
So my question I have for you guys, it's not,
do I need anger management? I know I do. My question is,
is can people have just fix the fucking screens? You can do that.
It's not the hard drive. There was no water get, they just take that out.
It's like, I've got a broken windshield on my laptop. Can they,
can they do that? I'm going to find out, I'm going to find out.
Cause once again I didn't back up anything there and I was just really thinking
like I didn't back anything up and I didn't back anything up my phone when I
dropped it in the toilet. But do I miss any of that data, data, whatever.
How was the fuck you say it? And the reality is is I don't,
I mean most of my pictures is taking pictures of shit that I hate. You know,
people's dirty feet and fucking heartfelt photos and gay socks that say,
Bitch, please let me do, I do I really need to save these somewhere.
I just love the idea that these exists somewhere in a cloud in this,
these fucking people trying to figure out with the shit that I take a picture
of. Like what can they sell me next? K Gay socks,
coconut clusters.
I would thank you from the bottom of my heart, but for you,
my heart has no problem. Okay.
This is a fat gay male with a sugar addiction.
Okay.
And a foot fetish.
Um, anyway, so I got to read. Um, oh, by the way,
my daughter laughed for the first time yesterday,
twice and I was on the road and I didn't get to see, I didn't get to hear it,
but, um, I'm hanging out with her all, all day today,
um, other than the benefit I have to do tonight and I'm really like psyched.
Like, um, I came home and of course dropped everything and picked her up and um,
she just smiled for like three minutes straight, which was amazing.
And I could tell she was getting sleepy and I can read her body language.
She was on the floor and she started doing this thing,
like she's trying to sit up and my God, she wants to get up and I,
I just put her on my lap and we were watching, um,
these people in Maine rebuilding cabins or some shit and um,
I felt they start to slump slumped to the right.
And I knew that she was falling asleep and she was asleep, which as I was like,
this is a perfect time to do the podcast,
but felt so awesome her just laying there.
Then I stayed there for like another 20 minutes and I'm,
I'm kind of breaking down parenting into just like sections where I know like I
was like, alright, I got 18 years with her before she goes off to college.
God willing, so how many months is that? I just did three of them.
And then the other big countdown is the first three years.
So the first three years,
all I have to do is just fill her up with love support.
And when I do lose my temper because I'm going to,
I'm going to do apologize to her and ask her to help me work on it.
So she's not like necessarily afraid, you know, I just don't,
I got to kill this, uh,
this aspect of my family tree cause everything else is pretty, uh, you know,
acceptable.
But I don't want to be the guy stabbing his fucking laptop with his phone,
freaking his kid out. Do I do, you know,
who wants to be that person and you lay it on your death bed one day and they
come walking and you know,
peaking and still nervous to be around you just be like, yeah, sorry. Yeah,
sure. I go for my phone back or day to day too.
I didn't want to have that. So, um, yeah,
I'm hanging out with her all day today, reading books and the whole thing.
So I've also decided like, all right,
so I still gotta do my two weekends a month. So those would be like six days.
I won't see her,
but I'll actually see her more than if I had like a nine to five because then I
can come home and just totally focus on her, you know,
for the next 10 days before I go out on the road. So, you know,
and every person that's apparently, I'll say it goes by so fast,
it goes by so fast. So I just keep thinking that every fucking time. Um,
every day. So hopefully, hopefully, you know, hopefully I don't fuck this up,
but I'm not gonna lie to you. I know I'm a mess, so I'm definitely a,
you know, Jerry's out. Hey, people walk around with great debt. I'm a great dad.
Shut the fuck up. That's not for you to say. Somebody says that to you.
You can't. Um, you know, he's awesome. You know who's awesome?
You know why? Cause I said so. I'm all right. Audible.
Okay, here we go. I'll get some reads here. This is the advertising audible. Lu,
audible. Okay. Louis Black's new book,
the Great Lewis Black Lewis Black.
The rant is due is the new original comedy series from audible channels.
Oh, I thought it was a book. They said it was a book. Lewis Black's new book.
You can hear the latest episode for Free Right now at
audible.com/lewis Black. Now,
who the fuck would want to hear a book written by a rhet written and read by
Lewis Black? I'm doing this. This show is written by the fans.
You can't,
you can rant about everything from politics to relationships to anything that's
driving you mad by submitting your rent to Lewis Black right now and listening
to the rant is due for free@audible.com slash Louis Louis Black.
For anyone that doesn't know Lewis Black, he's a comedy hero,
a regular on the daily show.
He's got stand up specials on HBO and Comedy Central.
He's the voice of anger in inside out and he's got over a million fans
connecting every day on social media. Uh,
I remember the first time I saw Louis Black,
I saw him at the comedy cellar right before he blew up. He was about my age,
maybe a little young, about 45 46 and it was one of those fucking hot,
brutally hot summer days in La.
And he came in still wearing his sport coat and all that and he was just like
miserable. Okay.
He already walks around with a certain level of agitation,
which I could totally relate to is,
remember I said I walk around at a six so going up to 10 isn't that quick of a
ride.
So Louis came in and there was like nobody in the fucking club.
It was like the mid nineties,
like 95 96 and comedy was still dealing with the eighties hangover,
still waiting to make another comeback. And uh,
so he goes in there in front of like three fucking people, I don't know,
three tables of people, whatever.
And I had never seen him and he got in there and he was legit upset about how
fucking hot it was outside.
And then you combine that with his material and his stage persona and he got
that finger going and it was like,
I'll never forget that I was fucking dying.
This guy where he is in front of like 11 people murdering,
like he was at Carnegie Hall and um,
that was just one of those great Jett just moved to New York and it was just one
of those great, oh my God, who the fuck is this guy?
How have I never seen this guy?
How doesn't everybody know who this guy is?
And within like that was like 95,
96 and I want to say he hit around like 99.
It was quick within like by 1999 I think he went on the road and he did that.
Um, that classic comedy tour lineup. It was him,
Mitch Hedberg and David Tell. Can you believe that that was a fucking tour. Hey,
we're going to go out and go see comedy tonight. Oh yeah. Who are you seeing?
I Dunno,
this guy a Lewis black this up and coming guy.
Mitch Heg Hedberg I'm trying to think of a David tell had his show yet. Um,
and I think he had insomniac.
Okay.
Maybe Mitch had his half hour out, but um,
I didn't even get to see that fucking talk cause I was too busy slugging it out
my fucking hell rooms. I would have loved to have seen that. Um, so anyways,
so I'm sitting here babbling. I supposed to be reading a
advertise. I'm telling the stories like frame bridge, everybody.
Okay.
So weird. I just shot one day on a movie in Framingham, Framingham,
Massachusetts, out there on fucking off of route nine. I believe.
I used to do the Nixon Framingham out there a long time ago. Over 20 years.
Way they go, all right, frame bridge. Everybody.
Give your personal experience using frame bridge.com if applicable.
I've never used it. It sounds like a great idea,
but I stabbed my fucking blacktop in the face,
stabbed it in the face. I always have to say in the face,
you know what that's from? That's from, uh,
the great performance giver by that cop in the bathroom in reservoir dogs.
The way he, the rhythm of the way he speaks is so like perfect cop.
I said, buddy, I am going to shoot you in the face.
You don't put your fucking ears in a dashboard.
That's one of those movies when you've seen it that many times,
like all the usual good lines that everybody quotes out of the fucking blue.
You know, I'm trying to be a fucking professional.
You always got big killed asshole. All those ones that everybody knows.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bam, Bam, Bam, Bam, Bam,
look at damn and done what I told them not to do. Um,
everybody knows those lines. But then once you want, once you get up to like,
you know, three, 400 viewings of it,
which you really can do on a summer if you fucking put your mind to it and you
just, you have no social life like me. Yeah. That's when you start going,
who the fuck is this guy playing this cop? The way he's killing this monologue.
Um, I dunno, I dunno why.
It just reminded me of this comedian Denny live from Philly and I remember when
he was, he was doing this white guy, Dan is a black dude.
So he's doing this white guy. And the way he was doing the cadence and the way,
the way the guy was talking was a, you know,
that was like sort of a, at the height of the fallout of the hacky white,
white guy. Like, wow, Geez, I got it. They'll do my taxes,
like that fucking thing. But he was actually legitimately doing a white guy,
like an impression that I couldn't even fucking do.
But I could see the dude that he was doing. Um, I don't know those,
those are the nerd things that I like when I'm watching shit. But anyways,
frame, bridge, um, no, no experience with the go to frame bridge.com.
Choose your frame or let their designers help you choose.
Upload your photo from your computer or directly from Instagram.
Preview your photo online in the frame you choose. Exclamation point.
This is where it's getting exciting. Everybody can upload your photo or art.
Don't stab your laptop with your smartphone. No worries.
You can mail it. You can mail it in for free.
It's affordable. This is, this is,
that part is totally for fucking old people like me.
You can call up the pony express. You can do it that way. Uh,
the expert team at frame bridge will custom frame your item in days,
not weeks or months and deliver your finished piece directly to your door.
Ready to hang. Frame Bridge offers a happiness guaranteed.
Uh, their team. I hate when they do shit like that. Are you happy?
We're just doing a followup call where you 100% satisfied?
I don't think I've ever been 100% satisfied about anything. Well,
that kind of goes against our team spirit awards. Alright,
I'll lie to you. I'm 100% satisfied with my fucking photo of a, you know,
impulse items at TJ Maxx.
Their team gives each item personal care and attention because meeting your
expectation is as important as meeting their own. Yeah,
somebody cracking the whip over there.
Don't get stuck searching for a last minute gift order of now for mother's Day
delivery. Go to frame. That's a great idea. Picture you and your mom.
You know she's gonna love that. This is cheapest shit.
It's perfect for all you tightwads that love your mom,
but don't think she's good enough to spend money. This is what you do.
Go to frame bridge.com and use Promo Code Burr B, u. R. R.
You'll save an additional 15% off your first order.
Just go to [inaudible] dot com Promo Code burr frame, bridge.com
Promo Code Bar. All right, here we go. Um,
how many more of these fucking two more of these things. All right. Oh,
blue apron. Everybody speaking and getting rid of your man tits.
This is a good way to do it. And ladies, you'll,
you'll be able to keep your tits and get rid of your CB,
which is right below. You know what I means between you and your titties.
The OCB there, I'm
sorry, Blue Apron. Everybody. See,
remember that fucking movie that was just up on the CB was just above fucking
truckers. Kris Kristofferson was, was in it. And uh,
Ernest Borgnine was, was the state trooper up there in the helicopter convoy.
And I remember they were trying to get this fucking convoy of trucks to just
stop driving. It was like vanishing point with like 70,
72,000 fucking 18 wheelers. They just were,
they weren't stopping for nothing man.
They were just out there and they were just gonna keep on driving.
So these cops were trying to stop them and they for some reason couldn't send
out Ernest Borgnine, you know, sort of the go between,
between truckers and cops. Like he understands them.
So there's some kind of up in the elevator going, hey, you fucking truckers.
This is, this is, the police were up here in the helicopter. I,
we really don't have a gun turn or anything,
but we're watching you so you better be nervous. You know,
he's trying to make threats up there in this fucking helicopter.
So Ernest Borgnine, it just shakes his head. He goes,
that ain't going gonna listen to that. And he grabs the CBG, Aziz truckers,
he goes, they got a language all their own.
And then he goes to talk to them down there and he goes,
this is the bear in the air.
Now I forget how he delivered that line. I even fucked it up.
This is the bear in the air, like smokey the bear,
you know, smokey the cop and all that. Do I have to break it down to, you know,
that's one of the things that I can't fucking stand. I hate
when obvious slang people feel that they have to break it down to,
you know what I mean?
I remember one time I saw this one man show and the guy goes,
we were going into Maddie Hattie. He goes,
that's Manhattan for all you white people. I want to be like, oh,
I couldn't figure that one out. I was so clever.
I mean, you're almost saying man at and of course I got to laugh.
White people, they don't understand things. Um, all right, let's get, what am I?
Am I technically in the middle of a reed here? All right. Blue Apron. Yeah.
All right. Yeah. This is about food and aprons. Okay.
Blue aprons mission is to make incredible home cooking accessible to everyone.
All right? It's about time. Up until in the bottom until blue apron,
only the upper 1% were allowed to have food prepared for them while the rest of
us were fucking non on bushes.
A because blue apron ships the exact amount of each ingredient required for the
recipe. You better not fucking spill anything. Uh, no.
They are reducing food waste
because it's the exact amount you pour. Bastards.
You're going to be like a crack head crawling around a motel fucking floor
looking for a rock. Did the Bazell go under the bed? Uh,
cooking together. Build strong family bonds, juniors.
It's time to put in the sugar. Research shows. Research.
Research shows that Blue Apron families cook nearly three times more often.
Those who spend a lot at restaurants or at high end grocery stores can now spend
under $10 per person for a delicious meal each meal.
It's a weird word. Just realize that meal, you guys want to have a meal.
Hey Neil, you want a meal? Each meal comes with a step by step,
easy to follow recipe card and pre-portioned ingredients and can be prepared in
40 minutes or less.
Blue aprons freshness guarantee promises that every ingredient in your delivery
arrives ready to cook or they'll make it right.
Check out this week's menu and get your first three meals for free with free
shipping by going to blue
apron.com/bar you'll love how good it feels and tastes to create incredible home
cooked meals with blue apron. Said, oh wait,
that's blue apron.com/bar blue apron. A better way to cook.
I love that blue apron. A better way to cook.
There's just so many different ways you can do that. Line. Read Blue Apron up,
pat away to cook, right? Like fucking ving. Rhames we have the meats.
How great is that fucking advertising campaign?
I've never had a desire to eat there ever. It's like I don't want fast food.
Roast beef.
Does anything fucking die quicker than fucking roast beef?
I mean I know it's dead already. You know,
rotting flesh is all you fucking stupid fucking vegetarians.
Talk about like your plant's not dead already too. They such dopes.
They really are. Um, all of them. Every single one of them.
I put them all in one group cause that's what I do cause I don't take the time
to get to know people. Okay. And right now it's,
I think this country needs a little more of that, don't you? All right. CSO,
everyone attention comedy nerds come to a magical place called CSO where new
standup comedy specials debut every month.
This month they have big Jay Augustson with what's your fucking deal?
Her stand up series featuring nothing but Crowdwork. That's funny man.
From bigJ and dozens of headlining comics.
That's a fucking great name for a show. Which your fucking deal.
It just picture big Jay sitting there on, on the store.
Just look around at your fucking deal, Huh? What do you do?
Is it filling you up a, with CSO,
you get unlimited access to CSO original series. This is next day,
late night. A hilarious standup specials. Binge worthy classics,
including 42 seasons of Saturday night live. That's crazy.
Anyone you want to watch the entire Monty python catalog,
the it crowd and more sign up now to catch brand new standup specials from the
Great Nick Depaulo from the incredible Joey coke.
Go. Sorry.
I tried to do it like Michael Buffer. Um, Bruce buffer.
Actually I was trying to do Bruce buffer and the new season of big Jay Oakerson
is what's your fucking deal?
Or Watch your favorite sets from comedians like Faheem on war.
Pronounced Faheem aren't on war, dude.
You know what does everybody have to start big Jay Oakerson show?
Do you have to say what's your fucking deal? You gotta say it. I mean,
it's almost like a game show, right? All of it higher.
You know this, there's certain things that you have to say.
I can't think of a catch phrase from a game show anyways. Hey Bill.
The show's already a hit. It's in its second season.
They don't need you fucking retooling it. It's like some ghost producer.
Fair enough. All right.
Excess CSO content from anywhere at anytime using Ios, android,
Roku, apple TV, Amazon fire,
Amazon fire TV. That sounds like a bad fucking, I dunno.
Vodka or Cologne or some shit. Windows on Xbox one.
Ready for the pump x, Xbox one. Sorry. Ready for the punch line.
I thought one ready was the name of one of those things.
Ready for the punchline? Yes, Bill. We are. CSO is just three 99 per month.
No joke. Three 99 per month for all the comedy you want anytime,
anywhere ad free ad free.
You're listening to to an ad right now. How annoying is this? You're,
you're free of this.
Just go to seeso.com s e s o.com Sierra Echo,
Echo Sierra oscar.com right now to sign up for one month for free with Promo
Code Bur at checkout.
That's [inaudible] dot com spelleds e s o.com promote Promo Code [inaudible],
cso.com promo code bar. All right. Not to nitpick,
but I would have spelled its e e s o. O. So when you spell it out,
you know, two e two s's, two e's, two o's c. So CSO,
um, all right, let's plow ahead here. Um,
all right. Okay. Oh Jesus, Boston sports. Let's Talk Boston Sports,
Dah, Dah, Dah, Dah, Dah. I'm Jesus.
What a couple of fucking games those were. Um, all right,
let's start with the Boston Bruins.
We've lost three games straight to the Ottawa Saturdays.
Um, I missed the, um,
I miss yesterday night's game cause I was at the memorial service,
but I definitely watch game two and game three.
And although we had a furious got back and gave three, it was not enough.
I was actually in the north end,
in the cigar bar smoking his stogy hoping it was going to be a good thing.
Um, what a fucking, that was a great goal though.
And over time that'll give and go gotta admit and uh, I dunno,
I dunno. They just been outplaying us and they, they deserve it.
Now granted it was a shit call, but there's going to be shit calls.
It's just going to happen. But, uh, you know,
I dunno, Shit, call a no shit call. We've lost three games in a row.
So I mean it all, you can only look in the mirror.
So we'll see what happens. Um,
the excitement of the Bruins making the playoffs is quickly subsiding here.
I would like to see them win a series and now they're there.
You got their fucking backs up against the wall. So we'll see. We'll see.
We'll see when game five comes up, I imagine tomorrow. All right.
And then the Celtics, oh,
Jesus Celtics have been completely exposed.
I know that that's probably been said a thousand times.
You know what's funny is when I first got back into the NBA,
which I got back into it cause Paul [inaudible] was coming out here and he loves
the NBA and he was staying with me,
him and his lovely wife staying with me and my lovely wife for like four or five
days. And uh, I'm a hell of a host. Oh, what a host. What a host. Right?
So I'm just like, all right, well, you know I would. Versus coming to town,
I got to get some Johnny blue,
I got to get the NBA package so he can watch his Nixon.
I just got into the Celtics,
so I've been watching them since December of 2015 and my first thought when I
was watching them, I was like, where are we going to go with this game plan?
We have the superstar point guard,
we live and die by the three and we don't get any fucking rebounds.
Like I don't understand how you can win
anything
playing basketball like that. But then here's what happened.
They did and they just kept winning and everybody else,
it just became socially acceptable on the hardcourt to fucking run down the
court with the ball.
Three people from the other team or under the net.
Nobody on your team or maybe one guy. It was totally acceptable to say,
I'm not waiting for my other teammates and I'm just going to launch a fucking
three, you know? And we're up by one with like fucking eight minutes to go like,
what are you doing? But that just, you know,
the same way after Jordan, people were just like, well,
I guess we don't need to feed it to a big man.
I do even need a big man ready yet, you know? And so I was like, all right,
I guess this is the new game.
So we ended up not only doing great this year once we added Al Horford yeah,
we fucking got the number one seed.
And at that point I completely forgot about my initial reaction to the way that,
that they were playing. And I was like, all right, I guess, yeah.
With the number one seed we get an eight seat. All right.
And after the first two games, it's like a, you know,
it seems like the opposite.
Seems like they're the number one seed and we're the eight seed.
And I kind of knew we were in trouble.
Uh,
I guess,
well when Charles Barkley just basically broke our team down after the first
half of the first game going, yeah,
you just basically you'd double team Isaiah tried to make him beat the double
and then if these guys don't hit their threes, you know,
they're not getting any fuck. I don't know what the hell he said,
but it's just like, all right, this guy's already figured this out.
Basically what I'm saying is, um,
I think this is the first real test for Brad Stevens,
this next game where he has to make a drastic adjustment with the players that
he has because they figured this out before the opening tip off and that has led
to two losses and we have not been able to make any adjustment.
And um,
what's fascinating about the bowls is even though that they're in eighth seed,
they got Rondeau and they got Dwayne Wade and Rondo's got a ring and I think
Dwayne Wade, he's got what? Three rings, four rings, he won,
one was shack and then two with Lebron three with Lebron. I can't remember.
I'm not a big NBA guy. He's got at least three rings.
So there's four rings right there. Those guys,
I've been through it numerous times, so they're not afraid of the,
the ebbs and flows of the game. They're not afraid of playing on the road.
They are just totally chill and I think that affects the rest of the team.
And then he got Butler and Lopez who have just fucking animals just hitting,
you know, 12 foot jump shots, 15 photos while getting all these rebounds.
And then that fucking white dude from Europe Vladi devakt Jr de voc jr he is
fucking started hitting threes and um, you know,
we're getting our asses kicked, so
I'll see what happens if you know. But, uh,
Jesus Christ, I mean, we were down three to one in hockey and went down,
oh two going out to Chicago. So I'm hoping, I'm,
I'm hoping, yeah, Jesus. So we don't get fucking swept. I mean, yeah,
I dunno. Brutal, brutal, brutal. But you know,
what are you gonna do with [inaudible]? It's just a fucking game.
I realized that if the first one when I'm watching, you know,
Isaiah Thomas crying about losing his sister was really a brutal week for that
type of shit. Huh. And Aaron Hernandez hung himself. Man,
that was fucking brutal. The whole thing was brutal.
And then all those fucking jokes that people were making like, oh yeah,
he got hung up. He's got an upper body injury to the fucking neck.
Oh, all this dumb shit. Um, that,
that shit to me is always weird. Where are going to say, oh,
that guy's a murderer. He's a fucking piece of shit. And uh,
and then everybody acts like a fucking animal when he kills himself. Um,
of course there's people out there that don't, that think, you know,
something else happened. It's like, all right,
you got just got acquitted on those other two murders and then you had a good
chance for an appeal. You know, you had some hope. Um,
but I dunno who the fuck knows. I don't know what the fuck happened.
I don't necessarily agree with that or disagree. I have no fucking idea.
But I do know was I think if any sort of a fucking human being,
the whole thing was just sad. It's just like, you know,
is every just all of these lives just fucking thrown away over nothing.
Granted, you know,
obviously he pulled the fucking trigger and everything like that, but still,
I don't take any sort of a, I don't know, I just, I didn't get that.
I was just like, oh, it was just, yeah, it's one of those things you just,
from front to back, you just wish it didn't happen. And everybody's like,
Oh hey, here's my fucking obvious joke.
Um, so anyway, Oh God,
am I really going to be talking about fucking him killing himself?
Is that how I'm going to end this podcast? How long has it podcast, Ben?
43 minutes while you know what I'm in overtime. All right,
let's end up on something positive tonight. Of course,
I'm working tonight and this fucking band that I've been wanting to see,
cause they're drummer's amazing. I don't have his name in front of me.
I should have it,
but I don't spend called Russian circles is playing.
Um, he's playing at the, uh,
oh for fuck sakes. What's the name of the fucking thing? I mean,
God damn theater because with a p out here, hey, I gotta hit pause.
I gotta make sure I have this information hung. Hang on. The palladium fuck
yeah.
Get tickets. Paramount.
The pompadour the fucking palladium actually that's where Richard Pryor, uh,
tape, uh, live on the sunset strip. So I was introduced to this band. They,
they played this song, Harper Lewis live and, uh,
their drummer absolutely fucking blew me away with his, um,
just how solid his, his,
his beats were.
And then his use of dynamics is just on a whole other fucking level,
which I really think is a lost art. Um,
but they're playing tonight since 6:30 PM. And, uh,
I wish I could go,
but I got a fucking God damn benefit so I can't make it,
but I'll post that clip of the band playing that song. Harper Lewis.
It's the live version and just the way, you know,
it just starts off with the drum beat that he's playing and he's playing it,
you know, it gradually builds in intensity, gets louder and louder. And then,
uh, then when they go into that, it's an instrumental band.
I don't know how to say versus chorus. I don't know what the fuck they're doing,
but just absolutely blew me away. If you've got nothing to do tonight,
you want to see a killer band, go down and get a couple of tickets to that.
I guarantee you have a great time. Um, all right, that is the podcast.
Um, it, I guess, cause it's four 20 like weed man,
I guess a Andrew's going to be giving you guys some extra clips.
It's going to be a little bit longer. And uh, and that is it.
And it was an honor to be at Charlie Murphy's memorial service.
It was an honor to know that guy. And I want to thank, uh,
everybody who spoke that night, last night, the way that they sent that guy off,
it was just like, it was,
it just was a level of greatness in the performances that I saw from the
comedians that went up and spoke. And, um,
Charlie was one of the greats.
Yeah.
You know, and it was just,
it was such a perfect sendoff and I'm really glad that I was able to be there
and witness it. All right. So that's it. I'll, uh, you fucking cons.
Have a great weekend and a, enjoy this music and some, uh,
some clips from a podcast recorded in a Monday or a Thursday gone by.